well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about
trump's transition trap
and for once i have some good news for
everybody
um so we're going to talk about the news
of today we're going to talk about what
is likely to become news if things don't
change and then we're going to talk
about the reality of the situation
because
it's not going to be the same okay
okay so emily murphy who is head of the
government services administration
is refusing to say that biden is the
apparent winner of the election
what this means is that she can not
sign off on him getting a little less
than 10 million dollars
to flesh out his transition team to
build his administration
and he won't have access
that he really should have
at the same time the trump
administration is making moves the moves
that i noticed were foreign policy moves
that seemed specifically designed
to hinder a biden administration
from this we can discern that
it is trump's intent to disrupt the
transition of power
okay that's today's news
now unless this changes very quickly
and she signs off on the transition
releases the funding gives him access
we can expect for this to become
incredibly politicized
you will have democrats out there
talking about how
trump is disrupting the transition of
power which means that biden won't be
able to pick his people which means he
won't have access to information which
means this will impact decision making
it may very well jeopardize continuity
of government
it won't it won't
everybody take a breath biden saw this
coming
biden saw this coming three months ago
i released a video talking about a rumor
the rumor was later confirmed
talking about biden's foreign policy
team for his campaign
and i'll put the the link down below go
watch it
see me just in utter awe and shock of uh
this team that he put together all-star
team
subject matter experts for every country
on the planet
working groups for every region every
country it was amazing
i referred to it as a second state
department i want to say it had
almost 2 000 people in it
didn't really make any sense at the time
because foreign policy wasn't a campaign
issue
it was cool and it gave us some insight
into biden's possible foreign policy
but it was definitely way more than a
campaign needed
it was really surprising
because it wasn't for the campaign
he never used him for that he saw this
coming that is his state department
he's already picked his people which
means he's already getting their advice
it's a kitchen cabinet
if he did it for foreign policy when
foreign policy wasn't a campaign issue
i have to assume that he also has his
public health people picked
every cabinet level department
the selections have already been made
sure it hasn't been finalized they
haven't had their background checks and
clearances updated and all of that
but that can be done pretty quickly
i wouldn't worry too much about biden's
decision making
he already has his team he had it three
months ago
now as far as the money goes yeah
there's a little less than 10 million
dollars
that is to help out his transition team
before this news broke biden had already
raised 7 million
for his transition team he knew this was
going to happen
he predicted president trump acting like
a child and
acted accordingly rightfully predicted
that he was going to act like a child
so at the end of the day yeah
trump is trying to disrupt the
transition of power
but he was outsmarted he was outplayed
biden already has his team i don't
foresee this
actually becoming an issue yes
it's going to be a talking point and
there are probably going to be some
really scary things said
because it is incredibly wrong
for president trump's administration to
do this
however biden's team was prepared for it
from everything that i can see
they saw this coming and they acted
accordingly they have office space in
the department of commerce i want to say
20 000 square feet little more than
to set up shop if need be this is not
going to impact continuity of government
it does however show president trump's
intent
and it does answer the question of
whether or not he actually cares about
the united states
or just himself
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day